README.md, before:

# Silverstripe linkfield

[![ko-fi](https://www.ko-fi.com/img/donate_sm.png)](https://ko-fi.com/E1E5HWRR)

Adds a Linkfield for [gorriecoe/silverstripe-link](https://github.com/gorriecoe/silverstripe-link)

## Installation
Composer is the recommended way of installing SilverStripe modules.
```
composer require gorriecoe/silverstripe-linkfield
```

## Requirements

- gorriecoe/silverstripe-link ^1.0
- silvershop/silverstripe-hasonefield ^2.0
- symbiote/silverstripe-gridfieldextensions 3.1

## Maintainers

- [Gorrie Coe](https://github.com/gorriecoe)

## Usage

```php
<?php

use gorriecoe\Link\Models\Link;
use gorriecoe\LinkField\LinkField;

class MyClass extends DataObject
{
    private static $has_one = [
        'Button' => Link::class
    ];

    private static $many_many = [
        'Buttons' => Link::class
    ];

    private static $many_many_extraFields = [
        'Buttons' => [
            'Sort' => 'Int' // Required for all many_many relationships
        ]
    ];

    /**
     * CMS Fields
     * @return FieldList
     */
    public function getCMSFields()
    {
        $fields = parent::getCMSFields();
        $fields->addFieldsToTab(
            'Root.Main',
            [
                LinkField::create(
                    'Button',
                    'Button',
                    $this
                ),
                LinkField::create(
                    'Buttons',
                    'Buttons',
                    $this
                )
            ]
        );
        return $fields;
    }
}
```

## Sort column

By default the LinkField assumes that the sort column is named `Sort`. If you want to use another field name such as `SortOrder`, you can specify it using the `setSortColumn` method like so:

```php
LinkField::create(
    'Buttons',
    'Buttons',
    $this
)->setSortColumn('SortOrder')
```

## Belongs many many

We can also add a belongs_many_many relation to the Link class. In your config.yml add the following:

```yml
gorriecoe\Link\Models\Link:
  belongs_many_many:
    MyCustomObject : MyCustomObject.Buttons
```

Commit message:

Added option to globally define sort column

README.md, after:

# Silverstripe linkfield

[![ko-fi](https://www.ko-fi.com/img/donate_sm.png)](https://ko-fi.com/E1E5HWRR)

Adds a Linkfield for [gorriecoe/silverstripe-link](https://github.com/gorriecoe/silverstripe-link)

## Installation
Composer is the recommended way of installing SilverStripe modules.
```
composer require gorriecoe/silverstripe-linkfield
```

## Requirements

- gorriecoe/silverstripe-link ^1.0
- silvershop/silverstripe-hasonefield ^2.0
- symbiote/silverstripe-gridfieldextensions 3.1

## Maintainers

- [Gorrie Coe](https://github.com/gorriecoe)

## Usage

```php
<?php

use gorriecoe\Link\Models\Link;
use gorriecoe\LinkField\LinkField;

class MyClass extends DataObject
{
    private static $has_one = [
        'Button' => Link::class
    ];

    private static $many_many = [
        'Buttons' => Link::class
    ];

    private static $many_many_extraFields = [
        'Buttons' => [
            'Sort' => 'Int' // Required for all many_many relationships
        ]
    ];

    /**
     * CMS Fields
     * @return FieldList
     */
    public function getCMSFields()
    {
        $fields = parent::getCMSFields();
        $fields->addFieldsToTab(
            'Root.Main',
            [
                LinkField::create(
                    'Button',
                    'Button',
                    $this
                ),
                LinkField::create(
                    'Buttons',
                    'Buttons',
                    $this
                )
            ]
        );
        return $fields;
    }
}
```

## Sort column

By default the LinkField assumes that the sort column is named `Sort`. If you want to use another field name such as `SortOrder`, you can specify it using the `setSortColumn` method like so:

```php
LinkField::create(
    'Buttons',
    'Buttons',
    $this
)->setSortColumn('SortOrder')
```

You can also globally define the sort column. In your config.yml add the following:

```yml
gorriecoe\LinkField\LinkField:
  sort_column: 'SortOrder'
```

## Belongs many many

We can also add a belongs_many_many relation to the Link class. In your config.yml add the following:

```yml
gorriecoe\Link\Models\Link:
  belongs_many_many:
    MyCustomObject : MyCustomObject.Buttons
```
